type RequestOptions = {
        
        headers={

           [Access-Control-Request-Method:string, Access-Control-Request-Headers{
            
           }]:
                A-IM: Acceptable instance-manipulations for the request. 
                List of acceptable human languages for response. 
Initiate a request for cross-origin resource sharing with Origin. 
 Authentication credentials for HTTP authentication. 
 Used to specify directives that must be obeyed by all caching mechanisms along the request-response chain. 
 Control options for the current connection and list of hop-by-hop request fields. 
 The type of encoding used on the data. 
 The length of the request body in octets (8-bit bytes). 
 A Base64-encoded binary MD5 sum of the content of the request body. 
 The Media type of the body of the request (used with POST and PUT requests). 
 An HTTP cookie previously sent by the server with Set-Cookie. 
 The date and time at which the message was originated. 
 Indicates that particular server behaviors are required by the client. 
 Disclose original information of a client connecting to a web server through an HTTP proxy. 
 The email address of the user making the request. 
 The domain name of the server (for virtual hosting), and the TCP port number on which the server is listening. 
 A request that upgrades from HTTP/1.1 to HTTP/2. 
 Only perform the action if the client supplied entity matches the same entity on the server. 
 Allows a 304 Not Modified to be returned if content is unchanged. 
 Allows a 304 Not Modified to be returned if content is unchanged. 
 If the entity is unchanged, send me the part(s) that I am missing; otherwise, send me the entire new entity. 
 Only send the response if the entity has not been modified since a specific time. 
 Limit the number of times the message can be forwarded through proxies or gateways. 
 Initiate a request for cross-origin resource sharing (asks server for Access-Control-* response fields). 
 Implementation-specific fields that may have various effects anywhere along the request-response chain. 
 Allows client to request that certain behaviors be employed by a server while processing a request. 
  Media types that are acceptable for the response.
 Character sets that are acceptable. 
Accept-
 Acceptable version in time. 
Accept-Encoding:
 List of acceptable encodings. 
Accept-Language:
Accept:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
Accept-Charset:                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Datetime:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
Authorization:                                                               
Cache-Control:                                                               
Connection:                                                                  
Content-Encoding:                                                            
Content-Length:                                                              
Content-MD5:                                                                 
Content-Type:                                                                
Cookie:                                                                      
Date:                                                                        
Expect:                                                                      
Forwarded:                                                                   
From:                                                                        
Host:                                                                        
HTTP2-Settings:                                                              
If-Match:                                                                    
If-Modified-Since:                                                           
If-None-Match:                                                               
If-Range:                                                                    
If-Unmodified-Since:                                                         
Max-Forwards:                                                                
Origin:                                                                      
Pragma:                                                                      
Prefer:                                                                      

        };


    };